let's see something
huge happened something
huge happened living on the streets I would
love to find some clips about
driving living on the
streets to give you a little bit of context
because I really didn't
prepare for it I really didn't
prepare for it But clips kept coming out Let's
see clips kept coming out Over
the last few
days of a ton of infractions let's see
it's not like we're here eh
security agents or anything like that but I
saw one that really bothered me I saw one that
really bothered me
Look at this What is it
here you have it having dinner in a
bus taxi lane in the middle of Madrid and he responds with
his arrogance that he shows off to
anyone who dares to criticize the actions of
the victim of a wave of hate Let's
see he just used 33 what are you doing having dinner
in the
cilus Ah This seems silly to me This
seems silly to me let's see
this where I can
and I can't touch my phone like that okay I can't
the phone is pending he
's not touching my
phone dude now it's
going away You bump into someone and And because you
're entertaining yourself
someone else pays for it
okay Now you have an accident and
someone else pays for it for you of m Well, what am I going to
do depends only on me Well, that's what I'm
going to do okay then that
's the only collaborations with the
people with whom you have already done with the
people with whom I get along well with
whom we have done a bit forced or rather one
day I speak to Cesar on WhatsApp and he says Johnny
What are you doing next week then we meet up
Come on then we meet up that's it and
the last time we met up with Cesar was
in
July eating on the street he also has a
channel about
food what is this but but the steering wheel
why not I mean the steering wheel why
hold it
no but this can't be with the car
in motion have
n't you heard what happened here
in the north of Madrid this morning in the
mountains no about that there had been a
disappearance of a child like two
weeks ago and when they started searching
the area they found a
secret military base haven't you seen it no Well if I
'm honest it's that we work split shifts
for 5 days and I don't even touch the television or
anything I mean it's that I'm
lost from the world in general well it's  I've
had a really crazy situation because
later they went to ask for explanations it
turns out it was like top secret that
nobody knew anything here And well they went to
talk to the neighbors it also turns out
that
some neighbors had
rare diseases and all this and it started to
get pretty
complicated So I'm going to look for it now well
yeah Well I didn't look for it much because I
made it up a bit Ah this is a
bad joke but a
joke There was one that really
bothered me There was one that really
bothered me I'm not interested in this plan I don't
want him to be listening to me yeah and what do you
do Ah prepare and let it download seriously
clear first is the streaming and well and
the old company how
good there was one of a zebra crossing of
a mother with a stroller Look at this one this one
looks very small Look it looks very small let's
see if we can find it bigger now
this one really And look at your chollometro
here sponsoring this is very bad this
is a big mistake but it's not a
big mistake It's that you realize
that when you're with the camera on
Stream man well you're supposed to be
more more aware
No
look look okay Ah  ok it's like entering
Look look look look woman with a cart
Look at a woman with a cart crossing
a pedestrian
uu and avoids it dude I mean she realizes it
later and
goes Ah okay it's like Uy uy uy uy I
just saw it now kid he scared me
dude he was coming Looking to the right I didn't
see it
imagine Imagine your sister your
wife with your son
eh
in marca they are giving her a
hard time living on the street she's leaving the
networks because of the harassment she received for her
videos committing illegalities behind the
wheel me this one with the woman is the one I
told you about eh Let's see I don't know if there is I do
n't know if there is one with more quality but
that one is tremendous
eh That one is tremendous guy I mean they're all
strong eh they're all strong but that
Rito That one is tremendous guy I mean That one is
tremendous tremendous tremendous
months ago it's constant it's daily okay it doesn't matter what I do I mean
I have the
feeling that I'm the person to
lynch when you're bored when you want to
insult someone or when you
need to  of soothing your
frustrations is what you have to have
eh grapefruit to say this man you have to
have nerve
be it you have to have courage man you almost
caught a mother with a stroller man and on
top of that with a stroller let's say it doesn't matter what
stroller it is and it doesn't matter if it doesn't
have a stroller but on top of that it was a
newborn stroller
eh It gives me anxiety right now being
here in front okay I don't feel like
streaming I don't have it I'm not
happy I'm not comfortable
and 7
months ago it's constant it's daily
okay no matter what I do I mean on
top of that he's playing the
victim cletus apologize for your
traffic violations and we
forgive you it's just really tough man it's just really tough
Let's see what it is
calm down Green Green hair I never know
how to pronounce it but he's been
giving him Caa cloth I mean apparently they do
n't get along with each other anymore no I mean they
already don't get along and here he's
given him a hard time because of course Green gren gren
hair had been giving him a hard time with
these issues for a while and here he's made it easy for him
This is very serious man I mean it
's very
serious calm down gr eh softly
softly eh shout don't be too
smart because I have enough for you too
eh I don't know if you appear in the audios but I'm
telling you
Here
mother laughs at But how strong this
eh Let's see I imagine I imagine that
if it hasn't reached him surely there will be
some consequence I know
many not all eh Because I have
seen some do crazy things live behind the
wheel but yes in the majority of cases I have
seen that they fine you or rather
when the police the civil guard or
something see this type of things because they go
viral
Eh shot by shot You're crazy to give yourself
a fine on the street for catching
someone doing something Pam fine no
imagine if you're making it webo
recorded and viral you know Then I
imagine that it will have some kind of
consequence it seems very serious to me or
rather it seems very serious very serious it's not
to say Well, look, he doesn't wear his
seatbelt Well, look no no no no very serious
very serious all the ones we have
seen very strong and very serious okay